Enhancements to the IPFS Pinning Services Documentation (#1638)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/work-with-pinning-services.md

> - Your **secret access token**. This is the unique token provided to you by the pinning service — check its documentation for more info.
>   _To illustrate, example below shows which value should be copied from [pinata.cloud/keys](https://pinata.cloud/keys)_
>   > ![Pinata secret access token](./images/work-with-pinning-services/add-service-pinata-token.jpg)
>     _Note: Since some dashboards look different on the surface, this is an illustration example showing which values should be copied from 
>    [console.filebase.com/keys](https://console.filebase.com/keys)._
>     > ![Filebase secret access token](./images/work-with-pinning-services/add-service-filebase-token.png)
> 
> After you hit **Save**, you’ll see your new pinning service added to the **Pinning Services** section of your **Settings** screen.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You **secret access token**: The unique token provided to you by the pinning service — see the specific pinning service documentation for more info.

##### Pinata example

Consider the following example, which illustrates which values from [pinata.cloud/keys] are copied into the Pinata pinning service UI:

![Pinata secret access token](./images/work-with-pinning-services/add-service-pinata-token.jpg)

##### Filebase example

Consider the following example, which demostrates the process for Filebase using
[console.filebase.com/keys](https://console.filebase.com/keys).

![Filebase secret access token](./images/work-with-pinning-services/add-service-filebase-token.png)

After you click **Save**, your new pinning service is added to the **Pinning Services** section of your **Settings** screen.

```
